Updates to upgrade procedures (#65388)
openshift/openshift-docs: upgrading/upgrade-operator.adoc

[role="_abstract"]
Upgrades through the {rh-rhacs-first} Operator are performed automatically or manually, depending on the *Update approval* option you chose at installation.

To get upgrade instructions, see the documentation for your product version. Follow these guidelines when upgrading:

> * If Central is earlier than 3.74, you must upgrade to 3.74 before upgrading to a 4.x release. For upgrading Central from version 3.74 to 4.x, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_security_for_kubernetes/3.74/html/upgrading/index[upgrade documentation for version 3.74].

Reviewer: Same question

> * If Central is earlier than 3.74, you must upgrade to 3.74 before upgrading to a 4.x release. For upgrading Central from version 3.74 to 4.x, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_security_for_kubernetes/3.74/html/upgrading/index[upgrade documentation for version 3.74].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If Central is earlier than 3.74, you must upgrade to 3.74 before upgrading to a 4.x release. For upgrading Central to version 3.74, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_security_for_kubernetes/3.74/html/upgrading/upgrade-operator[upgrade documentation for version 3.74].
```

> * For Operator- and Helm-based Central deployments, you can upgrade from release 3.74 to any latest patch of {product-title-short} version 4.0 through 4.4. However, for full functionality, upgrade to the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For Operator- and Helm-based installations, you can upgrade from release 3.74 to any latest patch of {product-title-short} version 4.0 through 4.4. However, for full functionality, upgrade to the latest version.
```

> * For Operator- and Helm-based Central deployments, you can upgrade from release 3.74 to any latest patch of {product-title-short} version 4.0 through 4.4. However, for full functionality, upgrade to the latest version.

Reviewer 2: Same suggestion as I did for Helm.

Reviewer 3: An alternative wording.  Basically the same

* When upgrading Helm-based Central deployments from release 3.74, first ensure Operator upgrade mode is set to Manual, upgrade the Operator to 4.0 following the procedure in the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_security_for_kubernetes/4.0/html/upgrading/upgrade-operator[upgrade documentation for version 4.0], and ensure Central comes up online. Once the upgrade to 4.0 is complete, Red Hat recommends upgrading central to the latest version for full functionality.

> * For upgrading within version 4.x, see the latest version of the documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Same as with Helm.

[role="_abstract"]

> Upgrades through the {rh-rhacs-first} Operator are performed automatically or manually, depending on the *Update approval* option you chose at installation.

Reviewer 2: I suppose the PR is WIP, although I just want to note that similar changes may be needed to `Upgrading using Helm charts` and `Upgrading using the roxctl CLI` pages so that they are consistent.

To get upgrade instructions, see the documentation for your product version.

* For upgrading from version 3.74 to 4.x, see the following resources:
** link:https://docs.openshift.com/acs/3.74/upgrading/upgrade-operator.html[Upgrading by using the Operator]
** link:https://docs.openshift.com/acs/3.74/upgrading/upgrade-helm.html [https://docs.openshift.com/acs/3.74/upgrading/upgrade-helm.html]

> ** link:https://docs.openshift.com/acs/3.74/upgrading/upgrade-roxctl.html[Manually Manually upgrading using the roxctl CLI]

Reviewer 2: 1. Would having links to docs.openshift.com/acs/* constitute a problem for this documentation when it's rendered under access.redhat.com (i.e. <https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_security_for_kubernetes/4.2/html/upgrading/upgrade-operator>)?
It feels a bit odd that links will take users outside of access.redhat.com.
2. Something's a bit broken with the Helm link, see the screenshot.
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/537715/b425a836-35e2-4899-922d-68c369f85e91)

Author: Yeah, still fixing links and stuff. But good point - I'll change the links to the Customer Portal since that's the preferred way. (Just users accessing from docs.openshift.com will have the issue that they get taken to the Customer Portal.) Unfortunately there is no way to use relative links to a different version when you are viewing a specific version - i.e., if I use a relative link in 4.0, it will always go to the 4.0 version of the doc.
